they'd be perfect
he's broke
fuck off
eep-eep motherfucker oh my god so many
enemies ha ha ha ha choice just hit it
every dude turba can say so how oh ho ho
and you're watching exhort hold on five
players episode one as always let's see
the winner from last week who was eight
or more the cut speaks for itself
cut five this week this one takes off
for my entire set clips on well done but
cut for this beats eggs whore whore well
done
eggs whore whore cut through this week
we domain on operation cluster pop this
week from the eggs
well done cut - this week is buy eggs
whore whore XOR is no stranger than a
mohawk top five players and that snake I
shot it
why cut one this week is from a tour
whore a cut speaks for itself
so that's been a whore whore please
absolutely fun as always please leave
your winner below please submit your cut
to jar boy I've been start to read
Phoenix come over I'll check my channel
out and I'll catch you in the next